Add troubleshooting guide for self-signed SSL cert related error (#2346)
databrickslabs/ucx: README.md

  File "/Users/userabc/.databricks/labs/ucx/state/venv/lib/python3.10/site-packages/urllib3/util/ssl_.py", line 465, in ssl_wrap_socket
    ssl_sock = _ssl_wrap_socket_impl(sock, context, tls_in_tls, server_hostname)
  File "/Users/userabc/.databricks/labs/ucx/state/venv/lib/python3.10/site-packages/urllib3/util/ssl_.py", line 509, in _ssl_wrap_socket_impl
    return ssl_context.wrap_socket(sock, server_hostname=server_hostname)
  File "/opt/homebrew/Cellar/python@3.10/3.10.14/Frameworks/Python.framework/Versions/3.10/lib/python3.10/ssl.py", line 513, in wrap_socket
    return self.sslsocket_class._create(
  File "/opt/homebrew/Cellar/python@3.10/3.10.14/Frameworks/Python.framework/Versions/3.10/lib/python3.10/ssl.py", line 1104, in _create
    self.do_handshake()
  File "/opt/homebrew/Cellar/python@3.10/3.10.14/Frameworks/Python.framework/Versions/3.10/lib/python3.10/ssl.py", line 1375, in do_handshake
    self._sslobj.do_handshake()
ssl.SSLCertVerificationError: [SSL: CERTIFICATE_VERIFY_FAILED] certificate verify failed: self-signed certificate in certificate chain (_ssl.c:1007)
```

**Solution:**  set both `REQUESTS_CA_BUNDLE` and `CURL_CA_BUNDLE`

> [to force requests library to set verify=False](https://github.com/psf/requests/blob/8c211a96cdbe9fe320d63d9e1ae15c5c07e179f8/requests/sessions.py#L718)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[to force requests library to set `verify=False`](https://github.com/psf/requests/blob/8c211a96cdbe9fe320d63d9e1ae15c5c07e179f8/requests/sessions.py#L718)
```

> as well as set `SSL_CERT_DIR` env var pointing to the proxy CA cert for the urllib3 library.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
as well as set `SSL_CERT_DIR` environment variable pointing to the proxy CA cert for the urllib3 library.
```
